CHANGELOG
# 2/26/2016 lwatta
#	Removed USB port disablement because of problems with the KVM if the ports are disabled.

PURPOSE
Purpose of this script is to replace all the individual scripts with one script.
This script will configure the bios, nics, logging and other things that are needed for a standlone server.

Use of the script
	./CIMC_generic_yaml_update.py -i cimc-ip -u admin -p password -b C2xxMx.yml -c True/False

	-b option is the yaml file that will be used. The yaml file you use needs to match the hardware
	-c option defaults to false and will means it will NOT make any changes only compare. To make changes use "True"

Do I need to change anything in the yaml file?
	THe only thing you need to change in the yaml file is the ip address of the syslog host.
	For Havana sites its infra-002
	For Icehouse sites its csx-a-logs-001
	Use the ip address instead of hostname to make things easy for cimc

Whats up with the --- and ... in the yaml file
	This is because of the way yaml works. I use cimc classid as a key. You can only define a key once in a yaml file otherwise it picks only one to actually use. This means not everything will get done. The work around is to define new yaml files. with --- and end with ... When you create a new yaml file you can redefine a key and thus we get around the issue. 

Do I need to run any other scripts?
	You need make sure the firmware is updated. This script does not update firmware
	You also need to create the all the accounts with the account script. Eventually this will be absorbed by this script.

Config files
	- C220M3-2Tor.yml - meant for C220M3 servers to convert from FI to FI-less. Creates VNICs on VIC1225
        - C220M4-2Tor.yml - meant for C220M4 servers connected to a 2TOR design. For example C220 servers added
		to an existing BOM3.x site
        - C240M3-2Tor.yml - Mean for C240M3 servers to convert from FI to FI-less. Creates VNICs on the VIC in slot2
        - C240M4-2Tor.yml - meant for C240M4 servers connected to a 2TOR design. For exampled C240 servers added 
		to an existing BOM3.x site
